Niamh25/DOC-3768/Note-on-coding-logic: Note on recommended coding choice (#935)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/4.10/enterprise/serialization.md

java.util.EnumMap (but only if there is at least one entry)
```

 {{< note >}}

>  If you receive a deserialisation error when running your Cordapp, we recommend to change java.util.Map to java.util.LinkedHashMap to resolve the error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 If you receive a deserialization error when running your CorDapp, we recommend changing `java.util.Map` to `java.util.LinkedHashMap` to resolve the error.
```
